# Description 

The three files above were used to generate the data given in the paper.

The file "hierarchy_outer_bounds.jl" contains code for computing outer bounds for option prices on a basket option on *n* assets weighted by the vector *weights*. The input consists of observable option prices with their corresponding strikes on the given asseets. Each row *i* for *i* in *{1,...,n}* in the matrices *strikes* and *prices* corresponds to one of the assets. Each entry *j* along a row *i* corresponds to an observable option, whose strike (resp. price) is given in the entry *strikes[i,j]* (resp. *price[i,j]*). There is a consistency check (function checkConsistency) which returns true if the input data is consistent with the assumptions of the paper. The function *compBounds(K, B, M, level, silent, strikes, prices, weights)* takes as input *K* which is the strike of the basket option of interest, *B* which is a bound on the support of the optimal solution, *M* which is a bound on the d-th order moments of the optimal measure, *level* which is the level of the hierarchy one wants to compute, *silent* which is a boolean that suppresses solver output when set to true and *strikes, prices,* and *weights* as described before. The output of the function is an upper bounds and a lower bound on the price of a basket option with strike *K* on *n* assets weighted by the vector *weights* given observable data *strikes* and *prices*. The solver we chose was Mosek.

The file "example_boyle_lin.jl" contains the implementation of the example by Boyle and Linh in (Boyle PP, Lin XS (1997) Bounds on contingent claims based on several assets. Journal of Financial Economics 46(3):383–400.) This implementation makes use of the MomentOpt.jl package. Info on how to make this package work are given as comments in the file "boyle_lin_example.jl". 

The file "example_inner_bounds.jl" contains the code for the example for the hierarchy of inner bounds given in section 6 of the paper. It solves problem (16) for a given *r*. More details in the paper. 
